Project Details:

This GIS project has several deliverables, and the ground up service of this project is supposed to provide is discussed below.

1. There are two main type of users, the normal users and the service providers. The map is devided into several sectors which are described in the frontend/assets/layers/data.geojson file. In each sectors, there are either single or multiple number of service providers. 
2. The normal users are supposed to click a picture and upload it on the map. The image should not be stored at the device, neither the users have the permission to upload images from their storage. 
3. When a normal user uploads an image, all the service providers in the sector in which the image was uploaded will be notified in their apps. The uploaded image will be marked in the map with a red marker, and both the red marker and the image should be available for any kind of users to see. 
4. The service providers will be presented with the option to accept the job in their recieved notification. If any service provider accepts the job, then all the otehr service providers of that sector will get notified that the jjob is now been taken by this perticular service provider. 
5. After a service provider accepts the job, the marker on the map will turn orange from red. 
6. When the service provider actually starts working on that job (which will be on site), the service provider will upload an image as a proof that they've started working. This new image will uploaded under the same marker in the map, and the marker will change it's color to yellow indicating work in progress. Important point to note here, the service provider will not see an option to upload an image unless they're inside a 10 meter radius of the marker. 
7. After the job is finished, the service provider will upload a final image of their finished work under the same marker. This will change the marker from yellow to green, indicating the work is coompleted. At this stage, the original user (normal user) who first uploaded the image on the map with a red marker will get notified through the app. The notification will contain all the images from beginning to end, and will ask for the user's review on the performance of the service provider who completed the job.

Throughout this whole process, all the images uploaded along with the marker stages will be available publicly on the map for anyone to see.